it was taken literally low car
who says 2005 who says 3000 fans yesterday were present at the first exit
official of the Cesena an exit
in truth not very demanding in fact on the other hand exception were i
representatives of the teams and amateurs of the autosab io
what mattered anyway for rar marco a giampaolo
was to see the progress of the work which I believe that all in all the
satisfaction
may be for new clay technician of the Cesena
representative diaco match we said with rattling embraces giovannetti
ensini red soldiers go
oddiooo is for you
papa chaka valgo balde and cesena liked with nanni in the first half
antonioni between the poles comotto with berg red lauro perlato part and to make
beat parolo de feudis and ecoluce midfield and edd then replaced by
arenella
other first-time tourism
mutu and jerkins in the second half rancanne between the ceccarelli poles with a
luana
with 13 entered the French place
red popescu colucci and hazards in place of the second-half adventism colucci
tabanelli about rennella half necks
Malonga
13 goals for the first one, a trip to the Cesena 2 triplets that rt moon all that
of jackets with a mutual glasses literally delighted the 2005 3000 that
were adapartita yesterday in goal mutu immediately all set up mo then football of
penalty caused just down. eheheh made by giaccherini then the
network sequence
on the 15th of the first half still muntu
to the 22nd always of the first time you lie in the 25th and it was then
tired he was replaced as told on the 31st by trend in and I was
will continue to work
instead the companions will have
star tomorrow at complete disposal to recover from
labors of this first part
of withdrawal but we continue with the networks
at the 26th of the first half
still silent at the 33rd jacket in the 43rd colucci in the second half alarm
tenth to the 11th and alarm 20th 20th with half a pack and then but
long at the 22nd
and the 26th
a splendid inverted of benalu anna in the moment of the inverted however ooo
at least in the moment of the Benalu fall they felled their heads
and it has been replaced there should be no problems
for him as there should be no problems for dd bomb fatigue a
stuffed and eddy how mutup edie terra and therefore
all right with regards to the first release now
ilary retreat continues and of course all of ours continue at 19 30
transmissions dedicated to the preparation of the abacus cesena match